all righty we're on the range you
probably just watched the video where I
show off everything about it
firearms are going to shoot today I
really need to start off with the Ruger
security six because my brother has been
dying to see it this firearm is clear
safe cylinders open no way this can fire
now this is a 357 magnum rated revolver
with some custom Jim badger grips right
there really nice really make the 357 is
really easy now in a 357 you could shoot
38 special 38 special plus P and of
course 357 Magnum I'm gonna start off
with 638 move to 6 357 at a range of
about 10 yards here and I'm gonna see
what I can do I'm not that good with a
revolver if you see me doing single
action or anything like that it's
because I want to hit a target
not because I'm cheating so let's put
638 specials in here
these are hollow-point AG wila probably
about 1213 bucks a box let's put a full
6 in here I'm gonna try the first couple
shots double action if I can prevent
myself from dropping any more bullets on
the ground and we'll see how I do so
here we go loaded ready to fire now
let's see how that lines up for the
camera seems pretty good let's get going
double action bottom plate
I'm not that good double action let's
try single single action is lots of fun
six rounds spent drop your brass never
really going to lose it but let me pick
them up just in case don't want to step
on them because they are reloadable and
reloading is tons of fun let's get six
357 this is pmc bronze made in korea
soft point hard ball the 357 is a longer
shell more capacity for powder a lot
more heat behind the round stronger than
a 45 ACP stronger than a 40 Smith &
Wesson very powerful round and about as
hot as I like to get my hand gun
shooting 44 Magnum isn't a pleasure to
shoot but 357 is now again I'll try
double action it'll probably surprise me
take my breath away because of the four
inch barrel and I think that's a shootin
kind of high I don't know but we'll find
out so double action 357 Ruger security
six let's see how I do
bottom plate I forgot what shoot 357
look like
steady missus
I got that first one but I think that
was dumb luck let's try single it's kind
of spinning I kind of want to shoot it
while it's spinning I'd say that was a
clear mess six rounds
let's stop this on the table and the
video and do another one
Ruger security six gym badger grips make
the 357 way fun to shoot